#summary Chronoscope Documentation Index
#labels Featured

= Chronoscope = 

Chronoscope is a fast, scalable, charting toolkit designed to work well in most web browsers. 
It is interactive and can be used in Gwt applications, as an embedded widget in any html page using normal javascript, a Google Gadget, or with the Google visualization API.

== Philosophy ==

  * Scalable representations. For example, almost anything works if you're implementing a plot for a dataset with 5 items.  The aim of Chronoscope is to support hundred, thousands, and hundreds of thousands of items.

  * Platform independence.  Although compiled and most often used via the Javascript API, the core code happens to be written in Java and then compiled to Javascript using Google Web Toolkit.  That enabled server-side Java2D or mobile Android targets as well as Javascript clients.

  * Performance. It is one of the most important points considered during the development. Chronoscope is able to draw thousand of points and refresh the chart at 20-30 fps.

  * Stylish.  Customizable look and feel through CSS-inspired Graph Stylesheets.

== Documentation Index ==
  * [JavaScriptAPI Javascript API ]
    * [http://gwt-chronoscope.googlecode.com/svn/apidocs/jsdoc.html Javascript API reference]
  * [GwtAPI GWT API]
    * [http://gwt-chronoscope.googlecode.com/svn/apidocs/index.html Javadoc reference]
  * [Gss Graph Stylesheets]
    * [http://gwt-chronoscope.googlecode.com/svn/apidocs/gssdoc.html GSS API reference]
  * Data series
    * [Datasets Datasets]
    * [Microformats Microformats]
  * [Widget Widget overview]
  * [Gadget Gadget overview]
  * [GViz Google Visualization API]
  * [Integration Integration with 3 party libs and tools]

