#summary Chronoscope Javascript API Reference

<H3>
Package: org.timepedia.chronoscope.client
</H3>
<H2>
Class XYPlot
</H2>
An interface to be implemented by classes implementing XY plots of {@link
 Dataset} objects. <p> Conceptually, an XYPlot is a class responsible for
 maintaining a collection of datasets, axes, and graph state, and mapping
 data-space values to screen-space values suitable for rendering on a {@link
 View}. More specifically, a plot converts data-space values to user-space
 values by delegating to an Axis implementation. <p> User-space values are in
 the interval [0,1] independent of the screen space size of the plot. For
 example, a ValueAxis with a visible range of 0.0 to 500.0, will map a
 data-value of 250.0 to a user-space value of 0.5. A renderer like
 XYLineRenderer or XYBarRenderer will convert user-space values to
 screen-space values before rendering. When Chronoscope has CategoryPlot
 support, then a CategoryAxis would map x-axis values like "Groceries", "Gas",
 "Utilities" to appropriate user-space values (say, 0, 0.5, 1.0) <p> An
 important feature of Chronoscope is support for large dataset scalability.
 This is achieved using datasets with multiresolution representation. At
 coarser levels of detail, a dataset may be decimated, interpolated, or
 filtered in a myriad of ways to compress its size, while hopefully preserving
 as much signal as possible. <p> A plot maintains some of the following
 important values: <ul> <li>Domain origin <li>Visible Domain <li>Focus point
 and dataset <li>Hover point and dataset <li>Current highlight/selection </ul>
 <p> ... as well as some stylistic overrides: <ul> <li>Legend enabled/disabled
 <li>Domain axis rendering enabled/disabled <li>Overview enabled/disabled
 <li>Selection mode on/off </ul>

<BR>

<BR>

<TABLE BORDER="1" WIDTH="100%" CELLPADDING="0" CELLSPACING="0" SUMMARY="">
<TR>
<TD COLSPAN=2 BGCOLOR="lightblue" CLASS="jsdocHeader">Methods</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">ExportableHandlerRegistration</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>addFocusHandler</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType><i class=jsdocClosureFunc>function</i>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>PlotFocusEvent</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>event</span>)</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>handler</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Add a callback for PlotFocusEvents.</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">ExportableHandlerRegistration</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>addHoverHandler</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType><i class=jsdocClosureFunc>function</i>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>PlotHoverEvent</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>event</span>)</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>handler</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Add a callback for PlotHoverEvents.</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">ExportableHandlerRegistration</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>addMoveHandler</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType><i class=jsdocClosureFunc>function</i>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>PlotMovedEvent</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>event</span>)</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>handler</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Add a callback for PlotMovedEvents.</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">Datasets</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>getDatasets</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Returns the datasets associated with this plot.</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">DomainAxisPanel</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>getDomainAxisPanel</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Return the domain axis panel associated with X-axis.</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">InfoWindow</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>openInfoWindow</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>String</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>html</span>, <span class=jsdocParameterType>double</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>domainX</span>, <span class=jsdocParameterType>double</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>rangeY</span>, <span class=jsdocParameterType>int</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>datasetIndex</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Open an info window at the specified coordinates in data space</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>setMultiaxis</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>boolean</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>enabled</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Enables or disables multi-axis mode. True by default, if multi-axis
 is disabled, each chart effectively has a single RangeAxis which is
 toggled by which dataset is currently in focus.</span></TD>
</TR>
</TABLE>

<BR>
<HR>
<H3>
Package: chronoscope
</H3>
<H2>
Class Overlay
</H2>
Interface implemented by Markers and other clases which overlay the plot

<BR>

<BR>

<TABLE BORDER="1" WIDTH="100%" CELLPADDING="0" CELLSPACING="0" SUMMARY="">
<TR>
<TD COLSPAN=2 BGCOLOR="lightblue" CLASS="jsdocHeader">Methods</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>addOverlayListener</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType><i class=jsdocClosureFunc>function</i>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>Overlay</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>overlay</span>, <span class=jsdocParameterType>int</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>x</span>, <span class=jsdocParameterType>int</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>y</span>)</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>cl</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Allows a caller to register for click events on this Overlay</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">double</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>getDomainX</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">double</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>getRangeY</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
</TABLE>

<BR>
<HR>
<H3>
Package: chronoscope
</H3>
<H2>
Class InfoWindow
</H2>
A handle to a Window opened via the View.openInfoWindow method.

<BR>

<BR>

<TABLE BORDER="1" WIDTH="100%" CELLPADDING="0" CELLSPACING="0" SUMMARY="">
<TR>
<TD COLSPAN=2 BGCOLOR="lightblue" CLASS="jsdocHeader">Methods</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>close</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>setPosition</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>double</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>x</span>, <span class=jsdocParameterType>double</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>y</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>addCloseHandler</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType><i class=jsdocClosureFunc>function</i>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>InfoWindowEvent</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>event</span>)</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>handler</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>open</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
</TABLE>

<BR>
<HR>
<H3>
Package: chronoscope
</H3>
<H2>
Class Datasets
</H2>
Container for {@link Dataset} objects that provides indexed access to the
 datasets as well as maintaining aggregate information. <p> This container
 registers itself as a {@link DatasetListener} to any added {@link
 MutableDataset2D} objects in order to guarantee that aggregate information is
 kept up-to-date whenever constituent elements are modified.

<BR>

<BR>

<TABLE BORDER="1" WIDTH="100%" CELLPADDING="0" CELLSPACING="0" SUMMARY="">
<TR>
<TD COLSPAN=2 BGCOLOR="lightblue" CLASS="jsdocHeader">Methods</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>add</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>Dataset</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>dataset</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Adds the specified dataset to the existing datasets in this container.</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">Dataset</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>get</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>int</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>index</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Returns the dataset at the specified 0-based index within this container.</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">Dataset</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>getById</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>String</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>id</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Returns the dataset with the specified identifier.</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">Interval</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>getDomainExtrema</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Returns an interval that contains the minimum and maximum domain value
 across all {@link Dataset} elements within this container.</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">Dataset</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>remove</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>int</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>index</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Removes the element at the specified index in this container. Shifts any
 subsequent elements to the left (subtracts one from their indices). Returns
 the element that was removed from the container. <p> Be aware that this
 container de-registers itself as an {@link DatasetListener} to the
 dataset being removed.  In other words, mutations applied to a dataset that
 once belonged to this container will no longer signal this container, which
 in turn, will no longer forward the mutation event to its listeners.</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">int</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>size</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Returns the number of datasets in this container.</span></TD>
</TR>
</TABLE>

<BR>
<HR>
<H3>
Package: chronoscope
</H3>
<H2>
Class Dataset
</H2>
Models a multiresolution dataset containing 0 or more {@link Tuple2D} points.
 <p>
 A dataset allows arbitrary Tuples to be returned from each sample index. The
 tuples returned are not guaranteed to be mutation free; that is, they should
 be considered flyweight objects to be used and discarded before the next
 invocation of {@link #getFlyweightTuple(int)}. Call {@link Tuple2D#copy()}
 to obtain a persistent tuple.
 <p>
 A multiresolution dataset is a dataset consisting of multiple levels, with
 level 0 being the bottom most level containing the original datasets. Levels
 1 and above represent a 'zoomed out' view of the data, filtered,
 interpolated, scaled, or decimated as appropriate. The only requirement is
 that if M and N are two levels in the dataset, and M > N, then
 getNumSamples(M) < getNumSamples(N). In other words, the number of samples
 (the resolution) must strictly decrease as the level increases. A useful
 visualization is to imagine levels stacking on top of one another like a
 pyramid. There is no requirement that the pyramid contain a level Z such that
 getNumSamples(Z) == 1, but in practice, getNumSamples(Z) should be less than
 XYPlot.getMaxDrawablePoints().
 <p>
 It is recommended to use a method that makes successive levels half the size
 of former levels, so that the height of the pyramid is
 <tt>log_2(num_samples)</tt>.

<BR>

<BR>

<TABLE BORDER="1" WIDTH="100%" CELLPADDING="0" CELLSPACING="0" SUMMARY="">
<TR>
<TD COLSPAN=2 BGCOLOR="lightblue" CLASS="jsdocHeader">Methods</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">String</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>getAxisId</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>int</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>rangeTupleCoordinate</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Return an id used to identify the axis this dataset should be assigned to,
 typically the physical units (e.g. meters/second). Datasets with identical
 axis ids will, by default, be allocated on the same axis.</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">Interval</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>getDomainExtrema</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Returns an interval that contains the minimum and maximum domain values
 of this dataset's domain.</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">String</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>getIdentifier</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Return a unique identifier for this dataset.</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">double</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>getMinDomainInterval</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Returns the smallest domain interval between any two consecutive points
 within the dataset.</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">int</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>getNumSamples</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Returns the number of samples in this dataset.</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">String</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>getPreferredRenderer</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Returns a key representing the preferred {@link DatsetRenderer} to use when
 drawing this dataset.</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">Interval</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>getRangeExtrema</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>int</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>rangeTupleCoordinate</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Returns an interval representing the min and max values for the specified
 range tuple coordinate.</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">String</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>getRangeLabel</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Return a label that may be used in a chart legend for this dataset.</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">int</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>getTupleLength</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Returns the fixed number of components that each tuple within this dataset
 can hold (e.g. a 2-tuple, 5-tuple, etc.).</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">double</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>getX</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>int</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>index</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Return the domain value for the given data point index on mip level 0.</span></TD>
</TR>
</TABLE>

<BR>
<HR>
<H3>
Package: chronoscope
</H3>
<H2>
Class ChronoscopeMenu
</H2>
Implement this and ChronoscopeMenuFactory to create alternative popup menus
 for Chronoscope.

<BR>

<BR>

<TABLE BORDER="1" WIDTH="100%" CELLPADDING="0" CELLSPACING="0" SUMMARY="">
<TR>
<TD COLSPAN=2 BGCOLOR="lightblue" CLASS="jsdocHeader">Methods</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>addMenuBar</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>String</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>label</span>, <span class=jsdocParameterType>ChronoscopeMenu</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>subMenu</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>addMenuItem</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>String</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>label</span>, <span class=jsdocParameterType><i class=jsdocClosureFunc>function</i>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>String</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>label</span>)</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>ccl</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>removeAllMenuItems</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>hide</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>show</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>int</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>x</span>, <span class=jsdocParameterType>int</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>y</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
</TABLE>

<BR>
<HR>
<H3>
Package: chronoscope
</H3>
<H2>
Class Chart
</H2>
The Chart class composes a {@link XYPlot} and a {@link View}. A plot is a 
 platform-independent model of all the components necessary to render a 
 dataset, and a view is a platform specific component (browser canvas, Java2d
 environment, Flash canvas) that provides the operations necessary for 
 interfacing with the graphics system.

<BR>

<BR>

<TABLE BORDER="1" WIDTH="100%" CELLPADDING="0" CELLSPACING="0" SUMMARY="">
<TR>
<TD COLSPAN=2 BGCOLOR="lightblue" CLASS="jsdocHeader">Methods</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">String</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>getChartId</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>A stable ID used to serialize chart state</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">XYPlot</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>getPlot</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>The current plot. This method is likely to change, as the number of plots
 expand, XYPlot will become a subinterface of a more general 'Plot'
 interface</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>maxZoomOut</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Animated zoom out so that the entire domain of the dataset fits precisely
 in the Plot</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>maxZoomToFocus</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Animated zoom to the currently focused point, such that it is located in
 the center of the destination plot, and the width of the destination domain
 contains up to a maximum of plot.getMaxDrawablePoints()</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>nextFocus</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Advance the focused datapoint to the next point</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>nextZoom</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Animated zoom-in of the currently visible domain by a fixed zoomfactor</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>pageLeft</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>double</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>amt</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Animated pan to the left by the designated percentage (0.0, 1.0) of the
 currently visible domain. For example, 0.5 will move the domain origin by
 getCurrentDomain() * 0.5</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>pageRight</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>double</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>amt</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Animated pan to the right the designated percentage (0.0, 1.0) of the
 currently visible domain. For example, 0.5 will move the domain origin by
 getCurrentDomain() * 0.5</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>prevFocus</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Advance the focused datapoint to the previous point</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>prevZoom</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Animated zoom-out of the currently visible domain by a fixed zoomfactor</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>redraw</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Redraw will redraw the the chart, swapping front/back buffers if
 necessary in a double-buffered scenario.</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>reloadStyles</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Reprocess all style information and reinitialize the plot. useful for
 style-sheet changing.</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>scrollPixels</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>int</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>pixels</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Pan the current domain of the plot by the given number of screen pixels
 (positive or negative)</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>zoomToHighlight</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Causes chart to perform an animated zoom such that the current selection
 becomes the currently visible domain.</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>setDomain</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>double</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>start</span>, <span class=jsdocParameterType>double</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>end</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
</TABLE>

<BR>
<HR>
<H3>
Package: chronoscope
</H3>
<H2>
Class ValueAxis
</H2>
An ValueAxis is a class responsible for mapping points in data space to
 points in screen space, as well as maintaining state related to drawing axis
 ticks and labels. A given axis may be horizontal or vertical in orientation
 depending on the {@link CompositeAxisPanel} it is placed into, and rendered on the
 left/right or top/bottom depending on the AxisPanel position as well. 
 <p> 
 In GSS, a ValueAxis may be referred to using a CSS selector 'axis'. Each axis
 is numbered, can have several CSS classes, depending on subtypes, like
 "axis.range" or "axis.domain". See {@link AxisPanel} for more details.

<BR>

<BR>

<TABLE BORDER="1" WIDTH="100%" CELLPADDING="0" CELLSPACING="0" SUMMARY="">
<TR>
<TD COLSPAN=2 BGCOLOR="lightblue" CLASS="jsdocHeader">Methods</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>setAxisId</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>String</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>axisId</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Sets the short label representing this axis ($, m/s, etc)</span></TD>
</TR>
</TABLE>

<BR>
<HR>
<H3>
Package: chronoscope
</H3>
<H2>
Class RangeAxis
</H2>
A RangeAxis is an ValueAxis that represents values, typically on the y-axis.

<BR>

<BR>

<TABLE BORDER="1" WIDTH="100%" CELLPADDING="0" CELLSPACING="0" SUMMARY="">
<TR>
<TD COLSPAN=2 BGCOLOR="lightblue" CLASS="jsdocHeader">Methods</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>setAllowAutoScale</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>boolean</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>allowAutoScale</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>If set to true, allow axis ticks to be scaled automatically by powers of
 thousand if they exceeed maxDigits settings. For example, if max digits is
 4, then the number 25000 will be rendered as 25, and the axis label will be
 modified to include the word "Thousands". setAllowScientificNotation() will
 override this and take priority, as well as setScale().</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>setAllowScientificNotation</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>boolean</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>enable</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>If enabled (true by default), when maxTickLabelDigits is exceeded, labels
 will be rendered in scientific notation.</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>setAutoZoomVisibleRange</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>boolean</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>autoZoom</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>setCalcRangeAsPercent</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>boolean</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>b</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Setting to <tt>true</tt> will cause all of the range-Y values to be
 converted to a percentage increase/decrease from some reference range-Y
 value (either the first datapoint of the dataset or the leftmost datapoint
 that's visible in the plot).</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>setForceScientificNotation</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>boolean</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>force</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Force tick labels to always be rendered in scientific notation. (Default
 false);</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>setLabel</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>String</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>label</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>setRange</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>double</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>rangeLow</span>, <span class=jsdocParameterType>double</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>rangeHigh</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Set the minimum and maximum visible axis range.</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>setRangeMin</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>double</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>rangeLow</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Set the minimum visible axis range.</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>setRangeMax</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>double</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>rangeHigh</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Set the maximum visible axis range.</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>setScale</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>double</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>scale</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Set a scale factor for displaying axis tick values</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>setTickLabelNumberFormatter</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType><i class=jsdocClosureFunc>function</i>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>double</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>value</span>)</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>tickLabelNumberFormatter</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Set custom TickLabelNumberFormatter callbacks.</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>focus</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Make this range axis the current focus. Has not effect the plot has
 multi-axis set to true. Otherwise, this axis becomes the primary left axis
 displayed.</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>setTickNumberFormat</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>String</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>format</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Set the number format used to render ticks</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>setVisibleRange</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>double</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>visRangeMin</span>, <span class=jsdocParameterType>double</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>visRangeMax</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>setVisibleRangeMin</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>double</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>visRangeMin</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>setVisibleRangeMax</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>double</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>visRangeMax</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
</TABLE>

<BR>
<HR>
<H3>
Package: chronoscope
</H3>
<H2>
Class View
</H2>
View encapsulates platform specific behaviors, such as graphics rendering,
 timing, and CSS property retrieval. Views support asynchronous creation,
 therefore, the proper use of a view is to postpone operations until
 ViewReadyCallback is invoked.

<BR>

<BR>

<TABLE BORDER="1" WIDTH="100%" CELLPADDING="0" CELLSPACING="0" SUMMARY="">
<TR>
<TD COLSPAN=2 BGCOLOR="lightblue" CLASS="jsdocHeader">Methods</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">ChronoscopeMenu</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>createMenu</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">Chart</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>getChart</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>setContextMenu</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>ChronoscopeMenu</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>cm</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Attach a context menu to this View</span></TD>
</TR>
</TABLE>

<BR>
<HR>
<H3>
Package: org.timepedia.chronoscope.client.data
</H3>
<H2>
Class AbstractDataset
</H2>
Provides skeletal implementation of an {@link Dataset} to simplify
 implementation of a concrete class.

<BR>

<BR>

<TABLE BORDER="1" WIDTH="100%" CELLPADDING="0" CELLSPACING="0" SUMMARY="">
<TR>
<TD COLSPAN=2 BGCOLOR="lightblue" CLASS="jsdocHeader">Methods</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">Interval</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>getDomainExtrema</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">String</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>getIdentifier</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">double</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>getMinDomainInterval</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">Interval</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>getPreferredRangeAxisInterval</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">String</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>getRangeLabel</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
</TABLE>

<BR>
<HR>
<H3>
Package: org.timepedia.chronoscope.client.data
</H3>
<H2>
Class AbstractArrayDataset
</H2>
Provides most of the implementation necessary for an N-tuple dataset backed
 by {@link Array2D} objects.

<BR>

<BR>

<TABLE BORDER="1" WIDTH="100%" CELLPADDING="0" CELLSPACING="0" SUMMARY="">
<TR>
<TD COLSPAN=2 BGCOLOR="lightblue" CLASS="jsdocHeader">Methods</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">String</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>getAxisId</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>int</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>rangeTupleCoordinate</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">Interval</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>getRangeExtrema</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>int</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>tupleCoordinate</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">int</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>getNumSamples</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">double</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>getX</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>int</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>index</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
</TABLE>

<BR>
<HR>
<H3>
Package: chronoscope
</H3>
<H2>
Class PlotMovedEvent
</H2>
Fired by plot implementations when the chart domain changes.

<BR>

<BR>

<TABLE BORDER="1" WIDTH="100%" CELLPADDING="0" CELLSPACING="0" SUMMARY="">
<TR>
<TD COLSPAN=2 BGCOLOR="lightblue" CLASS="jsdocHeader">Methods</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">Interval</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>getDomain</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
</TABLE>

<BR>
<HR>
<H3>
Package: chronoscope
</H3>
<H2>
Class PlotHoverEvent
</H2>
Fired by plot implementations when the set of hovered points changes.

<BR>

<BR>

<TABLE BORDER="1" WIDTH="100%" CELLPADDING="0" CELLSPACING="0" SUMMARY="">
<TR>
<TD COLSPAN=2 BGCOLOR="lightblue" CLASS="jsdocHeader">Methods</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">double</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>getDomainPoints</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">double</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>getRangePoints</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
</TABLE>

<BR>
<HR>
<H3>
Package: chronoscope
</H3>
<H2>
Class PlotFocusEvent
</H2>
Fired by plot implementations when focus point changes.

<BR>

<BR>

<TABLE BORDER="1" WIDTH="100%" CELLPADDING="0" CELLSPACING="0" SUMMARY="">
<TR>
<TD COLSPAN=2 BGCOLOR="lightblue" CLASS="jsdocHeader">Methods</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">double</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>getDomain</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">double</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>getRange</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
</TABLE>

<BR>
<HR>
<H3>
Package: chronoscope
</H3>
<H2>
Class PlotEvent
</H2>


<BR>

<BR>

<TABLE BORDER="1" WIDTH="100%" CELLPADDING="0" CELLSPACING="0" SUMMARY="">
<TR>
<TD COLSPAN=2 BGCOLOR="lightblue" CLASS="jsdocHeader">Methods</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">XYPlot</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>getPlot</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
</TABLE>

<BR>
<HR>
<H3>
Package: chronoscope
</H3>
<H2>
Class OverlayChangeEvent
</H2>


<BR>

<BR>

<TABLE BORDER="1" WIDTH="100%" CELLPADDING="0" CELLSPACING="0" SUMMARY="">
<TR>
<TD COLSPAN=2 BGCOLOR="lightblue" CLASS="jsdocHeader">Methods</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">Overlay</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>getOverlay</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
</TABLE>

<BR>
<HR>
<H3>
Package: chronoscope
</H3>
<H2>
Class RangeBarMarker
</H2>
An overlay which renders highlighted regions spanning the entire X dimensions
 of the plot over a given range region.

<BR>

<BR>

<TABLE BORDER="1" WIDTH="100%" CELLPADDING="0" CELLSPACING="0" SUMMARY="">
<TR>
<TD COLSPAN=2 BGCOLOR="lightblue" CLASS="jsdocHeader">Constructors</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD></TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>RangeBarMarker</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>double</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>rangeLow</span>, <span class=jsdocParameterType>double</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>rangeHigh</span>, <span class=jsdocParameterType>String</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>label</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>addOverlayListener</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType><i class=jsdocClosureFunc>function</i>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>Overlay</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>overlay</span>, <span class=jsdocParameterType>int</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>x</span>, <span class=jsdocParameterType>int</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>y</span>)</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>ocl</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
</TABLE>

<BR>
<HR>
<H3>
Package: chronoscope
</H3>
<H2>
Class Marker
</H2>


<BR>

<BR>

<TABLE BORDER="1" WIDTH="100%" CELLPADDING="0" CELLSPACING="0" SUMMARY="">
<TR>
<TD COLSPAN=2 BGCOLOR="lightblue" CLASS="jsdocHeader">Constructors</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD></TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>Marker</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>String</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>date</span>, <span class=jsdocParameterType>int</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>datasetIdx</span>, <span class=jsdocParameterType>String</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>label</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD></TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>Marker</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>String</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>date</span>, <span class=jsdocParameterType>int</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>datasetIdx</span>, <span class=jsdocParameterType>String</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>label</span>, <span class=jsdocParameterType>String</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>typeClass</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">boolean</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>isGuideLine</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>setGuideLine</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>boolean</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>guideLine</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>setGuideLineDateFormat</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>String</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>guideLineDate</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>addOverlayListener</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType><i class=jsdocClosureFunc>function</i>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>Overlay</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>overlay</span>, <span class=jsdocParameterType>int</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>x</span>, <span class=jsdocParameterType>int</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>y</span>)</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>ocl</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">double</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>getDomainX</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">double</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>getRangeY</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">InfoWindow</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>openInfoWindow</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>String</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>html</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
</TABLE>

<BR>
<HR>
<H3>
Package: chronoscope
</H3>
<H2>
Class DraggableOverlay
</H2>


<BR>

<BR>

<TABLE BORDER="1" WIDTH="100%" CELLPADDING="0" CELLSPACING="0" SUMMARY="">
<TR>
<TD COLSPAN=2 BGCOLOR="lightblue" CLASS="jsdocHeader">Methods</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>setDraggable</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>boolean</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>draggable</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>addChangeHandler</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType><i class=jsdocClosureFunc>function</i>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>OverlayChangeEvent</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>event</span>)</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>ch</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>addDragHandler</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType><i class=jsdocClosureFunc>function</i>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>ChartDragEvent</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>event</span>)</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>ch</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
</TABLE>

<BR>
<HR>
<H3>
Package: chronoscope
</H3>
<H2>
Class DomainBarMarker
</H2>
An overlay which renders highlighted regions spanning the entire Y dimensions
 of the plot over a given domain region

<BR>

<BR>

<TABLE BORDER="1" WIDTH="100%" CELLPADDING="0" CELLSPACING="0" SUMMARY="">
<TR>
<TD COLSPAN=2 BGCOLOR="lightblue" CLASS="jsdocHeader">Constructors</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD></TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>DomainBarMarker</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>String</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>startDate</span>, <span class=jsdocParameterType>String</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>endDate</span>, <span class=jsdocParameterType>String</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>label</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD></TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>DomainBarMarker</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>String</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>startDate</span>, <span class=jsdocParameterType>String</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>endDate</span>, <span class=jsdocParameterType>String</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>label</span>, <span class=jsdocParameterType>String</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>gssLabel</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>setGssLabel</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>String</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>gssLabel</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>addOverlayListener</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType><i class=jsdocClosureFunc>function</i>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>Overlay</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>overlay</span>, <span class=jsdocParameterType>int</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>x</span>, <span class=jsdocParameterType>int</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>y</span>)</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>ocl</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
</TABLE>

<BR>
<HR>
<H3>
Package: org.timepedia.chronoscope.client.plot
</H3>
<H2>
Class ExportableHandlerRegistration
</H2>
A HandlerRegistration class that is exportable to Javascript.

<BR>

<BR>

<TABLE BORDER="1" WIDTH="100%" CELLPADDING="0" CELLSPACING="0" SUMMARY="">
<TR>
<TD COLSPAN=2 BGCOLOR="lightblue" CLASS="jsdocHeader">Methods</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>removeHandler</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
</TABLE>

<BR>
<HR>
<H3>
Package: chronoscope
</H3>
<H2>
Class DefaultXYPlot
</H2>
A DefaultXYPlot is responsible for drawing the main chart area (excluding
 axes), mapping one or more datasets from (domain,range) space to (x,y) screen
 space by delegating to one or more ValueAxis implementations. Drawing for
 each dataset is delegated to Renderers. A plot also maintains state like the
 current selection and focus point.

<BR>

<BR>

<TABLE BORDER="1" WIDTH="100%" CELLPADDING="0" CELLSPACING="0" SUMMARY="">
<TR>
<TD COLSPAN=2 BGCOLOR="lightblue" CLASS="jsdocHeader">Methods</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>addOverlay</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>Overlay</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>overlay</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">ExportableHandlerRegistration</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>addFocusHandler</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType><i class=jsdocClosureFunc>function</i>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>PlotFocusEvent</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>event</span>)</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>handler</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">ExportableHandlerRegistration</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>addHoverHandler</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType><i class=jsdocClosureFunc>function</i>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>PlotHoverEvent</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>event</span>)</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>handler</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">ExportableHandlerRegistration</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>addMoveHandler</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType><i class=jsdocClosureFunc>function</i>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>PlotMovedEvent</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>event</span>)</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>handler</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">boolean</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>ensureVisible</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>double</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>domainX</span>, <span class=jsdocParameterType>double</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>rangeY</span>, <span class=jsdocParameterType><i class=jsdocClosureFunc>function</i>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>PortableTimer</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>timer</span>)</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>callback</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">Chart</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>getChart</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">Datasets</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>getDatasets</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Returns the datasets associated with this plot.</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">Interval</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>getDomain</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">DomainAxisPanel</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>getDomainAxisPanel</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">RangeAxis</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>getAxis</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>int</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>datasetIndex</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>maxZoomOut</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>maxZoomToFocus</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>moveTo</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>double</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>domainX</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>nextFocus</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">InfoWindow</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>openInfoWindow</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>String</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>html</span>, <span class=jsdocParameterType>double</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>domainX</span>, <span class=jsdocParameterType>double</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>rangeY</span>, <span class=jsdocParameterType>int</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>datasetIndex</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>pageLeft</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>double</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>pageSize</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>pageRight</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>double</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>pageSize</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>prevFocus</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>prevZoom</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>redraw</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>reloadStyles</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>removeOverlay</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>Overlay</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>over</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>scrollPixels</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>int</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>amt</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>setMultiaxis</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>boolean</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>enabled</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>setAutoZoomVisibleRange</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>int</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>dataset</span>, <span class=jsdocParameterType>boolean</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>autoZoom</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>setVisibleRangeMin</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>int</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>dataset</span>, <span class=jsdocParameterType>double</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>visRangeMin</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>setVisibleRangeMax</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>int</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>dataset</span>, <span class=jsdocParameterType>double</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>visRangeMax</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>setHighlight</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>double</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>startDomainX</span>, <span class=jsdocParameterType>double</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>endDomainX</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>setLegendEnabled</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>boolean</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>b</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>setOverviewEnabled</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>boolean</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>overviewEnabled</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>setSubPanelsEnabled</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>boolean</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>enabled</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>zoomToHighlight</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
</TABLE>

<BR>
<HR>
<H3>
Package: chronoscope
</H3>
<H2>
Class DomainAxisPanel
</H2>
Renders zoomable dates on x-axis (domain axis).

<BR>

<BR>

<TABLE BORDER="1" WIDTH="100%" CELLPADDING="0" CELLSPACING="0" SUMMARY="">
<TR>
<TD COLSPAN=2 BGCOLOR="lightblue" CLASS="jsdocHeader">Methods</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>setCreditsClickHandler</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType><i class=jsdocClosureFunc>function</i>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>Overlay</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>overlay</span>, <span class=jsdocParameterType>int</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>x</span>, <span class=jsdocParameterType>int</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>y</span>)</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>handler</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>setCreditsLabel</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>String</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>label</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>setTickFormatterFactory</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>TickFormatterFactory</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>tickFormatterFactory</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
</TABLE>

<BR>
<HR>
<H3>
Package: org.timepedia.chronoscope.client.render
</H3>
<H2>
Class DateRangePanel
</H2>
Draws a date range (e.g. "11/25/1995 - 02/17/2007").

<BR>

<BR>

<TABLE BORDER="1" WIDTH="100%" CELLPADDING="0" CELLSPACING="0" SUMMARY="">
<TR>
<TD COLSPAN=2 BGCOLOR="lightblue" CLASS="jsdocHeader">Methods</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>setDateRangeFormat</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>String</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>dateFormat</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>setCompactDateRangeFormat</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>String</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>compactDateFormat</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>setDateDelim</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>String</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>dateDelim</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>setCompactDateDelim</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>String</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>compactDateDelim</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
</TABLE>

<BR>
<HR>
<H3>
Package: chronoscope
</H3>
<H2>
Class AxisPanel
</H2>
Base class for all axis panels, which are panels that surround the center plot panel.
 1 or more axis panels can be added to a {@link CompositeAxisPanel}.

<BR>

<BR>

<TABLE BORDER="1" WIDTH="100%" CELLPADDING="0" CELLSPACING="0" SUMMARY="">
<TR>
<TD COLSPAN=2 BGCOLOR="lightblue" CLASS="jsdocHeader">Methods</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">ValueAxis</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>getValueAxis</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
</TABLE>

<BR>
<HR>
<H3>
Package: chronoscope
</H3>
<H2>
Class IntTickFormatterFactory
</H2>
Formats domain ticks as generic integers.

<BR>

<BR>

<TABLE BORDER="1" WIDTH="100%" CELLPADDING="0" CELLSPACING="0" SUMMARY="">
<TR>
<TD COLSPAN=2 BGCOLOR="lightblue" CLASS="jsdocHeader">Constructors</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD></TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>IntTickFormatterFactory</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
</TABLE>

<BR>
<HR>
<H3>
Package: chronoscope
</H3>
<H2>
Class DateTickFormatterFactory
</H2>
Factory for obtaining {@link DateTickFormatter} objects that provide 
 calendar logic for rendering date/time domain ticks.

<BR>

<BR>

<TABLE BORDER="1" WIDTH="100%" CELLPADDING="0" CELLSPACING="0" SUMMARY="">
<TR>
<TD COLSPAN=2 BGCOLOR="lightblue" CLASS="jsdocHeader">Constructors</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD></TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>DateTickFormatterFactory</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment></span></TD>
</TR>
</TABLE>

<BR>
<HR>
<H3>
Package: chronoscope
</H3>
<H2>
Class Interval
</H2>
A mathematical interval representing a connected portion of a real line. 
 An interval has 2 endpoints: {@link #getStart()} and {@link #getEnd()}.
 <p>
 {@link Interval} can represent anything conforming to this general
 description, including a time interval on the domain axis, pixel bounds, or
 whatever.

<BR>

<BR>

<TABLE BORDER="1" WIDTH="100%" CELLPADDING="0" CELLSPACING="0" SUMMARY="">
<TR>
<TD COLSPAN=2 BGCOLOR="lightblue" CLASS="jsdocHeader">Methods</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">boolean</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>contains</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>double</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>value</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Returns true if <tt>value</tt> is a member of this interval,
 <b>including endpoints</b> (in other words, this method treats
 this interval as a <i>closed interval</i>).</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">Interval</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>copy</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Returns a copy of this object.</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>copyTo</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>Interval</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>target</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Copies the state of this interval into the target interval.</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>expand</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>double</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>value</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Expands this interval so that the specified value is guaranteed fall within
 it after this method call.  If this interval already contains <tt>value</tt>,
 then nothing changes.
 <p>
 For example, if i represents the interval [-5, 3], then i.expand(7) expands
 the interval to be [-5, 7].  Similarly, i.expand(-7) results in the interval
 [-7, 3].  i.expand(1), however, does not change the state of interval i, since
 1 is already contained in the interval [-5, 3].</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>expandWithInterval</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>Interval</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>interval</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Expands this interval so that the specified interval falls inside this interval.</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">double</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>getEnd</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>The value of the ending point of this interval.</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">double</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>getStart</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>The value of the starting point of this interval.</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">boolean</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>intersects</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>Interval</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>i</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Returns true if the specified interval intersects this interval.</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">double</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>length</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>The length of this interval (i.e. <tt>end - start</tt>).</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">double</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>midpoint</b>()
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>The midpoint of this interval.</span></TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocRetType">void</TD>
<TD VALIGN="top" CLASS="jsdocMethod"><b class=jsdocMethodName>slide</b>(<span class=jsdocParameterType>double</span> <span class=jsdocParameterName>amount</span>)
<BR>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class=jsdocComment>Slides this interval in either a positive or negative direction by the
 specified amount. For example, let S = interval [3, 7] (i.e. it starts
 at 3, ends at 7, and has a length of 4). Then S.slide(2) would change its
 state to [5, 9]. Similarly, S.shift(-5) would have changed its state to
 [-2, 2]. Note that {@link #length()} is unaffected by this method
 invocation.</span></TD>
</TR>
</TABLE>





